changelog 4.32.1 (#2691)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: changelog.txt

4.32.1
==========
### Bug Fixes:

> **When doing `client_credentials` with an authority specified at the request level, the region is used and not the public cloud as the authority, which results in a cache miss**. See issue [#2686](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2686) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**When doing a client credential flow with an authority specified at the request level, the region is used and not the public cloud as the authority, which results in a cache miss**. See issue [#2686](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2686) for details.
```
